introducing easy keys retro electrics a
new standalone instrument and sound
library for easy keys featuring the
characteristic hohner clavinet d6 and
the hohner pianet n the clavinet and the
pianet are world famous for their
genre-defining sound and have been
featured in numerous hits from the
golden ages of funk and soul to the
music of the British Invasion they were
sampled in the world-class Swedish radio
studio in Stockholm using only the best
of the best in modern and vintage
recording equipment including offerings
from digital audio Denmark Newman sure
and Cole's to ensure that the essence of
each keyboard was captured perfectly the
recording is a blend between both the
direct sound and their output through a
50 watt Music Man amplifier additionally
all four possible pickup configurations
for the clavinet were sampled separately
and are individually selectable in easy
keys
in addition to the traditional sound
retro electrics can be transformed into
something completely new at the click of
a button with the included collection of
signal chain presets
with easy keys retro electrics toontrack
combines exquisitely captured sounds
with the revolutionary easy keys
software easy keys includes an extensive
and professionally played MIDI library
compatible with any easy keys sound
library the MIDI covers all major styles
from pop rock and gospel to country and
jazz this coupled with easy Keys
innovative smart Transpo's functionality
means writing songs has never been
easier it allows the user to
drag-and-drop MIDI change or add color
to any chord and transpose the included
or your own imported MIDI on-the-fly
what's more the used browser MIDI
function gives the user the power to
transform any MIDI file or chord
progression into a wide variety of
different playing styles found in the
browser ez keys retro electrics is
available as either a standalone product
or is an expansion library for existing
owners of ez keys this means that if you
do not currently own any ez keys
products you have the freedom to choose
the sound library that you would like to
use choosing any version of ez keys
provides you with the EZ keys software
and the core MIDI library in addition to
your chosen sound library if you already
own ez keys you can add retro electrics
as an expansion library for a discounted
price expanding your available midi
groups in the browser is just as easy by
purchasing tune tracks piano MIDI packs
piano MIDI packs are available in an
ever-growing assortment of musical
styles expand your inspiration
try the ez keys demo today